docs(node): Unify serverless node docs (#1920)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/node/gcp_functions.md

  };
};
```

> You can obtain the DSN using your Sentry account from your organization's *Settings -> Projects -> Client Keys (DSN)* in the Sentry web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain the DSN using your Sentry account from your organization's *Settings > Projects > Client Keys (DSN)* in the Sentry web UI.
```

> Note: You need to call both `captureException` and `flush` in order for captured events to be successfully delivered to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You need to call both `captureException` and `flush` for captured events to be successfully delivered to Sentry.
```

> Checkout Sentry's [azure sample apps](https://github.com/getsentry/examples/tree/master/gcp-cloud-functions/node) for detailed examples. Use [JavaScript docs](/platforms/javascript/) for more configuration options.

Reviewer 2: Ooopps, gcp->azure->GCP :)

```suggestion
Checkout Sentry's [GCP sample apps](https://github.com/getsentry/examples/tree/master/gcp-cloud-functions/node) for detailed examples. Refer to the [JavaScript docs](/platforms/javascript/) for more configuration options.
```
